---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2021-04-18 13:09:56'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>An update for Digital Directive Mann Vs. Machine servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:</p>
<ul>
<b>Mechachievements:</b>
<li>Fixed "Tried and True" not being restricted to demoman.</li>
<li>Fixed "Soda-Poppin Specalist" not being restricted to the Scout and "The Soda Popper".</li>
<li>The "Armageddon" kill-taunt should now work for the "Do Androids Feel Shame?" mechachievement.</li>
<li>Fixed "A Sig-nificant Upgrade" using the wrong logic event.</li>
<li>Fixed a logic event which didn't send the correct damage blocked by MvM shields.</li>
<li>Overheal no longer counts for "Heal 10,000HP worth of damage to your teammates" on "PCB plowing"</li>
<li>Enabled a Mechachivement that was previously disabled: "Mann Co's Finest"</li>
<li>Fixed "Australian Tank Repair" not being restricted to the Bushwacka.</li>
<li>Fixed an error in event logic that prevented the secondary objective "Share 6 canteens with the Kritzkrieg" in "Critical Mass"</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<b>Missions:</b>
<li>Autumnull - Tincan Termination</li>
<ul>
<li>Wave 5:</li>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;Reverted previous change to Big Heal Medics</li>
<li>&nbsp;Significantly less Backburner Pyros will now airblast</li>
<li>&nbsp;Increased Giant Shotgun Heavy spawn delay from 25 to 30</li>
<li>&nbsp;Increased Engineer cooldown from 50 to 75</li>
<li>&nbsp;Removed crits from Skullcutter Demoknights, added crit on kill</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Boogge, Goldpit , Winterbridge</li>
<ul>
<li>Fixed potential client crash related to shield medics</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Cliffside - Bionic Bits</li>
<ul>
<li>Increased respawn time from 1 to 3</li>
<li>Scout is now a Giant and cannot buy upgrades</li>
<li>Equipping the Sandman now gives Giant Jumping Scout abilities</li>
<li>Equipping the Holy Mackerel now gives Super Scout abilities</li>
<li>Players can taunt mid-air</li>
<li>Nerfed Greater Scout health to 888</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Kelly - Mobocracy</li>
<ul>
<li>Razorback rework:</li>
<ul>
<li>Now grants 75% melee resistance&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<li>Reduced market gardener damage bonus from 100% to 50%</li>
<li>Small Heavy Shotgun tweak</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Winterbridge - Both missions</li>
<ul>
<li>Whitelisted the Detonator and Loose Cannon</li>
<li>Pyro is now a walking level 2 dispenser</li>
<li>Major rebalances to Soldier</li>
<ul>
<li>All banners:</li>
<ul>
<li>100% buff duration</li>
<li>25% increased buff on hit</li>
<li>50% increased buff range</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Mantreads:</li>
<ul>
<li>+150 Base Health</li>
<li>+10 HP regen</li>
<li>Wet immunity (jars, milk, etc.)</li>
<li>Fall damage immunity</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Gunboats</li>
<ul>
<li>15% resistance to all damage</li>
<li>50% resistance to melee damage</li>
<li>25% resistance to ranged damage&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Escape Plan:</li>
<ul>
<li>Crits when below 50% health</li>
</ul>
<li>Equalizer:</li>
<ul>
<li>Crits when below 30% health</li>
<li>50% bonus damage</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
