---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2021-04-28 20:17:18'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:</p>
<b>General:</b>
<ul>
<li>Fixed an issue where wearable weapons (e.g Demoman Shields, Razorback) wouldn't get deleted when a weapon was overriding its slot.</li>
<li>Music kits can now be scrapped for 80 manncoins in your Creators.TF Inventory.</li>
<li>Added two new anti-cheat detections:</li>
<ul>
<li>Triggerbotting</li>
<li>Aimsnapping</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<b>Mechachievements:</b>
<ul>
<li>"The Bazaar Bargain" has been properly restricted to Sniper.</li>
<li>The primary objective for "The Bazaar Bargain" now uses the correct logic event.</li>
<li>Nerfed the primary objective for "Backline Burn Hazard":</li>
<ul>
<li>Before: "Destroy 10 robots with Backburner crits" (1CP)</li>
<li>After: "Destroy 5 robots with Backburner crits" (1CP).</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<b>Missions:</b>
<ul>
<li>Hanami - Typhoon Tycoon</li>
<ul>
<li>Wave 1:</li>
<ul>
<li>The second subwave (Giant Pyro, Bowmen, Tank) now spawns after all Colonel Barrages are dead</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Silent Sky - Ground Zero</li>
<ul>
<li>Lowered Steel Falcon HP from 750 to 500</li>
<li>Removed Special Delivery Buster</li>
<li>Wave 3:</li>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;Lowered Shortstop Scout Skill from Hard to Normal</li>
<li>Changed Uber Medics to Quick Uber Medics</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 4:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed damage bonus from Arrow Mastery Bowmen</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Transmission - White Noise</li>
<ul>
<li>Wave 1</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed 2 uber medics from the Giant Shotgun Heavies</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 3</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed Buff Banner from Giant Rapid Blast Soldier, changed uber medics to kritz medics</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<b>Creators.TF Launcher:</b>
<ul>
<li>Clearer error messages for when server list is unable to operate due to website issues.</li>
<li>Fixed issues with error handling for downloading and installing files.</li>
<li>Fixed a mod being set as installed even if cancelled.</li>
<li>The mod version box will no longer appear in the page of mods that are not installed.</li>
<li>Overall UI changes to allow the launcher to dynamically resize itself.</li>
<li>Password protected servers now have their data hidden.</li>
<li>Internal code base cleanup. More classes changed to TS.</li>
<li>Added missing server region names.</li>
<li>Internal change to allow adding of new mods easier.</li>
</ul>
