---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2020-05-07 15:39:57'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Notable changes include:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Stranded (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://tf2maps.net/downloads/stranded.6981/update?update=22850" target="_blank">Stranded's page</a> on TF2Maps.net)</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Fixed 2 exploits:</li>
		<ul>
			<li>Demoman being able to be high between CP1 & CP2</li>
			<li>Engineer able to build above 1st RED spawn</li>
		</ul>
		<li>Added pathway for spies to reach front of last BLU forward spawn area</li>
		<li>Fixed RED sometimes getting stuck at their 1st spawn when CP2 is capped</li>
		<li>Fixed gate near CP3 not closing and becoming one way when point is capped</li>
		<li>Several miscellaneous fixes and improvements</li>
		<li>Fixed another exploit of being able to build above RED base near middle between CP2 and CP3.</li>
		<li>Fixed exploit of being able to build inside the room next to BLU starting base, from under the door.</li>
	</ul>
<br>
	<li>Fifthcurve (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/648227046" target="_blank">Fifthcurve's page</a> on the Steam Workshop)</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Brought in most of the good changes from official halloween version, Brimstone.</li>
		<li>Fixed a crack in displacement between A and B path.</li>
		<li>Fixed door in blu 2nd spawn being able to be opened by RED, but not enter in.</li>
		<li>Fixed being able to stand on a blu 2nd spawn door to ambush people.</li>
		<li>Fixed some props fading out too soon.</li>
		<li>Changed some railins from white to dark.</li>
		<li>Improved clipping all over the map.</li>
	</ul>
<br>
	<li>Synthetic (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://tf2maps.net/downloads/synthetic.5573/update?update=22805" target="_blank">Synthetic's page</a> on TF2Maps.net)</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Fixed missing wire brush on red side near mid.</li>
	</ul>
</ul>
