---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2020-08-10 21:37:44'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:</p>
<ul>
        <li>Enabled Back to Fight event on every Creators.TF server.</li>
        <li>Added 5 new community-made maps to the rotation.</li>
        <ul>
          	<li>Bagel (KOTH)</li>
          	<li>Harter (KOTH)</li>
          	<li>Cashworks (Payload)</li>
          	<li>Gibson (KOTH)</li>
          	<li>Camber (Payload)</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Added new contracts.</li>
        <li>Added the Back to Fight Keyless Cosmetic Crate</li>
        <ul>
          	<li>Contains 11 new community-made cosmetics. Including 2 full sets.</li>
        </ul>
	<li>Reverted sv_restrct_aspect_ratio_fov to 1 which will allow users with ultrawide monitors to have their preferred FOV.</li>
	<li>During "Waiting for Players" countdown, spawn doors are forced open on Payload and Attack/Defend maps.</li>
	<li>Added command <i>!contracthud</i> which will allow you to hide your contract hud.</li>
	<li>Map voting will now happen during intermission period — when the scoreboard is shown after a match has ended. This is to encourage more thought into which map you want to play next rather than aimlessly pressing F1 during gameplay to get the menu to go away.</li>
	<li>Added match end character voicelines.</li>
	<li>Added match end music from casual.</li>
        <li>Databank (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/1481954279" target="_blank">Databank's page</a> on the Steam Workshop.)</li>
        <ul>
		<li>The "Frontline! No More" Update!</li>
		<ul>
			<li>Replaced Frontline assets with bespoke ones made by me!</li>
			<li>Remembered to pack soundscapes.</li>
			<li>That's all folks!</li>
		</ul>
        </ul>
	<li>Rumble (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/849120158" target="_blank">Rumble's page</a> on the Steam Workshop.)</li>
        <ul>
		<li>Adjusted respawn times of RED and BLU teams after 1st point has been captured</li>
		<li>Adjusted point capture times to be slightly faster on CP1 and CP2</li>
		<li>Fixed odd shadows on some grass models.</li>
		<li>Fixed couple spots up high where you could stand on</li>
		<li>Fixed many misaligned displacements and some textures</li>
		<li>Fixed odd minecart roll sound playing near the waterfall</li>
		<li>Fixed few hovering models</li>
		<li>Changed few rare easter eggs to show up slightly more frequently than before</li>
        </ul>
</ul>
