---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2020-10-23 20:41:37'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Notable changes include:</p>
<ul>
	<li><b>Introducing A Gruesomly Overflowing Halloween Special</b></li>
	<ul>
		<li>Collect souls and complete Merasmissions to progress through campaign and get rewards.</li>
		<li>Claim your own Tainted Tome to track your progress throughout the event.</li>
		<li>Campaign is active until November 14th.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added Dreadful Dismal Cosmetic Crate:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Contains 20 unrestricted Halloween cosmetics.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added Doomed Seasonal Cosmetic Crate:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Contains 8 restricted Halloween cosmetics.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Contracts:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Merasmissions and Contracts now track your progress in real time. This means your progress will be updated on the website as you progress in the game.</li>
		<li>You still need to finish the round to save your progress and Turn In a contract or merasmission.</li>
		<li>Weapon contracts now give you ability to loan a weapon to be able to complete a contract.</li>
		<li>ConTracker now shows which dependant contracts have to be completed to unlock a specific contract.</li>
		<li>General optimization of the contracts.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added Tainted Tome — special Halloween campaign item.</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Features custom voice lines, which are played to you if you equip this item.</li>
		<li>Tracks your Campaign progress.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>New acquired items are now shown in a "preview" popup modal box.</li>
	<li>Overhauled reward popups of contracts, crates, store to use new "preview" popup.</li>
	<li>Items in the inventory now have pickup and drop sounds.</li>
	<li>Game begin, win, loss music in game have been changed to spooky original soundtrack.</li>
	<li>A lot of internal optimizations and improvements.</li>
</ul>
