---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2020-12-17 00:06:01'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>
An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:
<ul>
	<li>Started the <strong>Snowed-In Smissmas</strong> event</li>
	<li>Added the “Snowed-In Smissmas Cosmetic Crate”</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Contains 14 new community-created cosmetics</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added 4 new community maps into the rotation:</li>
	<ul>
		<li><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1356347293" target='_blank'>koth_icetower</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=460499484" target='_blank'>koth_arctic</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1583805523" target='_blank'>pl_coldrush</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2249347647" target='_blank'>pl_coldwater</a></li>
	</ul>
	<li>Readded 2 community maps from the Self-Made Smissmas Event:</li>
	<ul>
		<li><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=558352341" target='_blank'>cp_snowlodge</a></li>
		<li><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=454159250" target='_blank'>cp_stoneyridge</a></li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added new contracts for the Smissmas event. These can be found under “smissmas”.</li>
	<li>Added a contract for pl_pier, found under “smissmas”.</li>
	<li>Added Music Kits. Music Kits will play music depending on the objectives during the round. The two new ones include:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Into The Centre Of The Earth, created by TFConnect.</li>
		<li>Gravel Slaughter, created by MrModez Pineapple.</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added the Gifting Lantern. The Gifting Lantern tracks the presents collected off dead bodies.</li>
	<li>Removed pl_wutville.</li>
	</ul>
</p>

<p>
<i>The following changes were made post-uppubDate:</i>
<ul>
	<li>Fixed the Sight of Sound showing error model.</li>
</ul>
</p>

<p>
<i>The following changes were contributed by agrastiOs:</i>
<ul>
	<li>Fixed the Gallon o' Grog's missing texture.</li>
	<li>Cleaned up materials and models for: Gallon o' Grog, the Bolshevik Bomber, the Gamma Gazer, the Thumper, the W.A.S.P Launcher, the Crate Smasher.</li>
	<li>Corrected model names for the aforementioned items to decompile into correct paths</li>
	<li>Removed inconsistent and ugly in dark places cubemap from the Bolshevik Bomber</li>
	<li>Added killstreak sheen support to the Thumper</li>
	<li>Fixed inconsistent lightwarps for the Gamma Gazer and the W.A.S.P Launcher</li>
	<li>Added missing critical boost glow for the Crate Smasher</li>
	<li>Fixed missing Jarate material for the Thumper and the Gamma Gazer</li>
	<li>Fixed the Pocket Pork being incorrectly marked as paintable</li>
</ul>
</p>
