---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
pubDate: '2021-01-10 05:24:08'
category: 'Updates'
---

<p>
An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:
<ul>
	<li>Ended the <strong>Snowed-In Smissmas</strong> event.
	<li>Fixed a "physics mayhem" bug causing Demoman projectiles to not collide with world.</li>
	<li>Game servers will now restart at or after 10:00 UTC, at the end of the current map rather than interrupting a game.</li>
	<li>Added a feature that allows CreatorsTF cosmetics to be toggled off by using the <strong>!ctfhats</strong> command.</li>
	<li>Added the ability to nominate a map by typing its partial name as an argument to the !nominate command. <br>EX: <strong>!nominate fulgur</strong></li>
	<li>Fixed a bug related to map Barnblitz Pro and other payload maps where dying on the last point would cause the round to forcibly end.</li>
	<li>Replaced map Barnblitz with its Pro variant.</li>
	<li>Added Alternative Gamemodes to servers 108, 208, and 404 which consist of official maps from:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Capture the Flag</li>
		<li>Payload Race</li>
		<li>Medieval</li>
		<li>Mannpower</li>
		<li>Passtime</li>
		<li>Robot Destruction</li>
		<li>Player Destruction</li>
		<li>Special Delivery</li>
		<li>Territorial Control</li>
	</ul>
	<li>Added Contracts for newly added maps in Alternative Gamemodes, found under ./root/creators/official_maps of the contracker.</li>
	<li>Added Capture the Flag Reworkᴮᴱᵀᴬ to Alternative Gamemode servers. The main features of this rework include:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Added a 5 minute round timer.</li>
		<li>The intel now returns on drop much faster (15 seconds).</li>
		<li>When time runs out, the team with most captures will win.</li>
		<li>If both teams tied, both will lose to Stalemate.</li>
		<li>Capturing the intel will add 2.25 minutes to the round.</li>
		<i>As always, please let us know your #feedback in our <a href='/discord' target='_blank'>discord</a>.</i>
	</ul>
	<li>Lowered the Rock The Vote (rtv) percentage to 45% on Alternative Gamemode servers.</li>
	<li>Servers will no longer have odd issues with race conditions on bootup and map change.</li>
	<li>Added in-game server hopping - type <strong>!servers</strong> or <strong>!hop</strong> to hop servers.</li>
	<li>Improved server network settings.</li>
	<li>Auto team scramble will now reset vscramble votes.</li>
	<li>Improved C.TF Coordinator to prevent often crashes.</li>
	<li>Updated map Badwater Pro to <a href='https://tf2maps.net/downloads/pl_badwater_pro.962/update?update=12702' target='_blank'>Version 12</a>.</li>
	<li>Updated map Process Refresh to <a href='https://tf2maps.net/downloads/refresh-cp_process.9042/updates' target='_blank'>Final 7</a>:</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Increased lightmap resolution on a few skinny vertical faces to resolve lighting errors</li>
		<li>Fixed texture alignment on sewer 2d</li>
		<li>Improved health and ammo overlay texture consistency</li>
		<li>Properly mirrored health and ammo pack layout on 2nd</li>
		<li>Fixed out of bounds pipes on 2nd slightly poking through a wall</li>
	</ul>
</ul>
</p>

<p>
A new version of the <a href='/launcher' target='_blank'>community launcher</a> has been released [0.2.1]! Changes include:
<ul>
	<li>Added version display to settings page</li>
	<li>Added "Open Log Folder" button to settings page to help with finding logs on linux.</li>
	<li>Updated server mod list to be more flexable.</li>
	<li>Server list for Creators.TF content now includes BalanceMod servers.</li>
	<li>Events servers can now be seen on the server list when viewed from the "Creators.TF Events Servers" mod.</li>
	<li>Updated events server content logo.</li>
	<li>Fixed bug preventing mod installation using new mod list data.</li>
	<li>Changed Events server content install location to /download/ (existing installations un affected).</li>
	<li>Added cache work around to ensure launcher can get latest mod information sooner.</li>
</ul>
</p>
