---
title: 'A Message About Updates'
date: 2020-02-05 22:28:14
category: blog
---

<p>Over the past few months, Creators.TF grew a lot, and along with this growth has come a lot of user feedback. With this in mind, people have been expecting major themed updates from us every month or so. While this was our vision at first, we have since decided to change our approach of the way we release new content. Our original goal was to try to release major events once every month but, after the release of Self-Made Smissmas, we realized this would be impossible.</p>

<p>First off, we will be separating events into two different formats: major and minor. Minor events will happen every 3-4 weeks, normally between the gap of major events, and will usually consist of adding new maps, removing old maps, and introducing new contracts. On top of that, we might add a pack of new cosmetic items in some of these events. These minor events will often not have a specific theme attached to them, and as such will be considered general events. This way, we can have high replayability on our servers.</p>

<p>With that out of the way, let's talk about the exciting news: major events. As the name implies, these events require a lot more work, and will be releasing every 2-3 months. These events will include brand new features, mechanics, an update page, maps, cosmetics, and contract campaigns. They will always have a theme, and yes, we are looking forward to making some events based on community projects such as Frontline!, Mayann Project and others!</p>

<p>Also, we just released a new set of <a href="{{site.url}}/rules">rules</a>. Take a look at them and tell us what you think.</p>

<p>As always, if you have any questions, reports or suggestions feel free to get in touch with us via <a href="mailto:support@creators.tf">support@creators.tf</a> or our Discord server.</p>

<p>- Creators.TF Team</p>
