---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
date: 2020-04-10 17:22:30
category: updates
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:</p>
<ul>
        <li>Enabled Hazardous Environments event on every Creators.TF server.</li>
        <li>Added 3 new community-made maps to the rotation.</li>
        <ul>
          <li>Slaughter (KOTH)</li>
          <li>Spillway (KOTH)</li>
          <li>Glassworks (CP)</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Added 4 new weapons</li>
        <ul>
          <li>Crate Smasher — An all-class melee reskin.</li>
          <li>Gamma Gazer — A secondary for Engineer.
            <ul>
              <li>Damage removes Sappers</li>
              <li>+100% damage bonus</li>
              <li>Requires 40 metal per shot to destroy the sapper</li>
              <li>-350% slower firing speed</li>
              <li>-50% clip size</li>
              <li>-76% max secondary ammo on wearer</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>The Thumper — A primary/secondary for Soldier, Pyro, Heavy and Engineer.
            <ul>
              <li>+130% damage bonus</li>
              <li>+30% clip size</li>
              <li>+50% max ammo</li>
              <li>15% more accurate</li>
              <li>-20% slower firing speed</li>
              <li>-50% bullets per shot</li>
              <li>13% slower reload time</li>
              <li>This weapon deploys 15% slower</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>The Hypodermic Injector — A melee weapon for Medic.
            <ul>
              <li>Collect blood from your enemies by hurting them and heal your teammates by transferring blood to them</li>
              <li>Can store up to 300 health points</li>
              <li>Heal your teammates by hitting them with this weapon</li>
              <li>+10% faster firing speed</li>
              <li>-20% damage penalty</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <li>Added the Hazardous Environments Keyless Cosmetics Crate.</li>
        <ul>
          <li>Contains 7 new community-made cosmetics themed around Half-Life — Including 2 full sets.</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Added 29 new types of Paint Brushes.</li>
        <ul>
          <li>Color codes and names are identical to original Team Fortress 2 Paint Cans.</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Community ConTracker has been updated and redesigned.</li>
        <ul>
          <li>Introduced new "hazardous_environments" campaign, filled with event-related contracts.</li>
          <li>"creators" campaign has been updated to include new contracts.</li>
          <li>ConTracker now has sounds.</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Special parts of the website now have tooltips to help explain users their purpose.</li>
        <li>Website caching has been improved to decrease website load times.</li>
        <li>Improved servers performance.</li>
        <li>Economy connections between servers and website have been improved to decrease loadout fetching times.</li>
        <li>Skyboxes of all maps in current map rotation have been updated.</li>
        <ul>
          <li>A special themed object has been teleported in...</li>
        </ul>
      </ul>
