---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
date: 2020-08-02 23:12:33
category: updates
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Notable changes include:</p>
<ul>
	<li>Servers now use the <a href="https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=187199" target="_blank">arena win panel</a> for standard rounds</li>
	<li>Stranded (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/1481954279" target="_blank">Stranded's page</a> on the Steam Workshop)</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Brought in more changes from halloween version of the map:</li>
		<ul>
			<li>Sealed off route near CP3.</li>
			<li>Made large indoor area more readable and better movable.</li>
			<li>Some visual touches around that area.</li>
			<li>More visual changes in last RED base.</li>
			<li>Increased lighting in some dark areas.</li>
			<li>Adjusted lighting in some areas.</li>
		</ul>
		<li>Repositioned rogue "control point" sign near BLU 1st base.</li>
		<li>Removed buggy looking cable roll near blu 1st spawn.</li>
		<li>Fixed bumping crate indoors near CP3.</li>
		<li>Fixed several props fading too soon</li>
		<li>Fixed some misaligned textures.</li>
		<li>Fixed some missing clipping in RED 1st base.</li>
		<li>Fixed displacement error that could result in frame drops.</li>
		<li>Updated navigation file to reflect changes.</li>
	</ul>
	<br>
	<li>Sludgepit (Patch notes taken from <a href="https://tf2maps.net/downloads/sludgepit.9164/update?update=25278" target="_blank">Sludgepit's page</a> on TF2maps.net)</li>
	<ul>
		<li>Gameplay changes:</li>
		<ul>
			<li>Fixed the clipping/displacements at the last point so players won't get stuck anymore.</li>
			<li>More clipping fixes all over the map.</li>
			<li>Much more very small changes that won't be said here..</li>
		</ul>
		<li>Detail changes:</li>
		<ul>
			<li>Changed some detailing at last. Mostly to make it look more like a chemical waste facility and spytech-y.</li>
			<li>Added toxic waste spills because the janitor sucks at doing their job.</li>
			<li>Did some changes to the 3d skybox by adding some mountainous structures and changing the small factory building into a full nuclear powerplant.</li>
			<li>Added a easter egg below red's last spawn that is based of Vinesauce</li>
		</ul>
		<li>Extra bonus change:</li>
		<ul>
			<li>Changed the description of the map because it had grammar issues among other things.</li>
		</ul>
	</ul>
</ul>
