---
title: 'Creators.TF Update Released'
date: 2021-04-22 00:44:47
category: updates
---

<p>An update for Digital Directive Mann Vs. Machine servers was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:</p>
<ul>
<b>Mechachievements:</b>
<li>Fixed "Robotic Revenge" not accepting New Zealium Frontier Justices.</li>
<li>Fixed the logic for "Evade and Cower" to properly work with Spy.</li>
<li>"Destroy 3 Giant Medics with the Big Earner" in "Evade and Cower" now works with all medics instead of just Uber Medics.</li>
<li>Spectators will no longer receive any logic events for Mechachievements.</li>
<li><span tooltip="This bug was a real pain in the ass to track down. In the contracts plugin, I added a brand new restriction type that restricts the contract to all weapons that are under one slot (e.g melee weapons). I originally used a bunch of if-statements for each slot, but that looked really ugly, so I used a for loop with two arrays and did my comparison that way. Turns out, that didn't work at all! After hours of crying after testing with one of our amazing Game Mods (TheSpookiestUser) and completing a full wave as Demoknight, we're now able to have this contract FINALLY fixed. Only 20 more to go... <br>-ZoNiCaL">Fixed "I Don't Need Yer Fancy Tools!" not working with all Demo melee weapons.</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<b>Missions:</b>
<li>Akure - Reboot Rush</li>
<ul>
<li>Wave 1, Wave 5:</li>
<ul>
<li>Increased payout from &#36;750 to &#36;800</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Boogge - Voidlings&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed building scale attribute from wrangler/geiger counter</li>
<li>Festive Eyelander now turns ragdolls to ice</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Cliffside - Ashes to Ashes&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed building scale attribute from wrangler/geiger counter</li>
<li>Festive Eyelander now turns ragdolls to ice</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Cliffside - Bionic Bits</li>
<ul>
<li>Nerfed player Giant Scout HP from 1600 to 1200, re-enabled random crits</li>
<li>Reduced AimTrackingInterval on spy boss, increased revolver damage</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Estate - Marina Mayhem</li>
<ul>
<li>Increased starting cash from &#36;450 to &#36;850</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Goldpit - Equal Opposites</li>
<ul>
<li>Increased starting cash from &#36;800 to &#36;900</li>
<li>Increased payouts for every wave by &#36;250</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Kelly - Mobocracy</li>
<ul>
<li>Replaced Eureka Effect Stats - Missile Sentry:</li>
<ul>
<li>Sentry rocket firing speed increased by 90%</li>
<li>Sentry firing speed reduced by 500%</li>
<li>Sentry range increased by 50%</li>
<li>+50% max building health</li>
<li>Sentry rockets have the Rocket Specialist upgrade</li>
<li>No self-inflicted blast damage</li>
<li>Teleporters now grant a speed boost on teleport</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Seabed - Ocean Commotion</li>
<ul>
<li>Wave 1:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed 1 Giant Conch squad</li>
<li>Lowered MaxActive of Giant Conch squad to 1</li>
<li>Removed 1 Giant Armored Sandman Scout</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 3:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed 1 Giant Pyro + Giant Medic squad</li>
<li>Lowered TotalCount of finale support from 12 to 8</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 4:</li>
<ul>
<li>Pyro Boss HP lowered from 35000 to 27500</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 6:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed Crits from Battalion Soldiers</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Sharp - Sudden Equinox&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Lowered MaxActive of Enforcer Spies and Stickybomb Demos</li>
<li>Removed Rescue Ranger sniper support</li>
<li>Removed building scale attribute from wrangler/geiger counter</li>
<li>Festive Eyelander now turns ragdolls to ice</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Swirl - Alpine Skylines</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed custom upgrades</li>
<li>Starting cash raised from 600 to 800</li>
<li>Spawn sounds regarding flank bots are now consistent</li>
<li>Fixed flank doors not opening again</li>
<li>Wave 2:</li>
<ul>
<li>Added an explanation regarding flank bots</li>
<li>Nerfed Flank Scout and Flank Pyro</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 3:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed 1 Giant Ricochet Pyro + Giant Medic squad</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 5:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed damage bonus from Brick Snipers</li>
<li>Removed Sentry Buster model from Caber Demos</li>
<li>Caber Demo MaxActive lowered from 3 to 2</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Transmission - White Noise</li>
<ul>
<li>Moved 150&#36; from W4 to W3. Total payout remains the same.</li>
<li>Wave 1</li>
<ul>
<li>Changed Giant Burst Demos' medics to fully charged Quick-Fix Medics</li>
<li>Removed crits from Sandman Scouts</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 3:</li>
<ul>
<li>Changed Direct Hit Soldiers to Rapid Bison Soldiers</li>
<li>Added HoldFireUntilFullReload to Backup Soldiers</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 4:</li>
<ul>
<li>Nerfed Rapid Fire Demos' fire rate to 0.75 (from 0.5)</li>
<li>Removed uber from Overhealer Medics, changed icon accordingly</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 5:</li>
<ul>
<li>Changed Queen Bee Soldier's name to Killer Bee Queen</li>
<li>Lowered TurnRate of Killer Bee Queen rockets from 200 to 120</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 6:</li>
<ul>
<li>Slightly changed Explanation text.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Winterbridge - Necromantic Nonsense:</li>
<ul>
<li>Fixed pyro dispenser not being invulnerable</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Yiresa - Mesa Malware:</li>
<ul>
<li>Wave 2:</li>
<ul>
<li>Lowered Giant Gauntlet HP from 8000 to 6000</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 4:</li>
<ul>
<li>Lowered damage and reduced reload speed on Bolshevik Heavies</li>
<li>Lowered Giant Armored Heavy HP from 10000 to 7500</li>
<li>Removed Boss HP bar from Giant Armored Heavy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Reduced Giant Armored Heavy move speed from 50% to 45%</li>
</ul>
<li>Wave 5:</li>
<ul>
<li>Removed full Sandman stun from Armored Hyper League Scouts</li>
<li>Reduced HP and move speed on Armored Hyper League Scouts</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
