---
title: 'Creators.TF Weekly* Update Released'
date: 2021-09-06 20:26:22
category: updates
---

<p>An update for Creators.TF was released. Changes will automatically apply after a map change. Major changes include:</p>
<ul>
    <li>Fixed multiple issues related to regular TF2 items not persisting on contact with a resupply cabinet while a custom weapon was equipped (for example, having The Gunslinger equipped with a Crate Smasher would destroy your sentry.)</li>
    <li>Fixed Sourcebans not properly working on servers directly after the first map load.</li>
    <li>Fixed Store filtering not working.</li>
    <li>Fixed /ctfhats not properly saving across servers and map changes.</li>
    <li>Fixed TF2 Comp fixes occasionally not working.</li>
    <li>Fixed several bugs related to the Brick:</li>
    <ul>
        <li>Fixed a bug where the Brick entity wasn't safely marked as "not a brick", causing a "phantom bleeding" bug with other projectiles.</li>
        <li>Fixed a bug where switching away from the Brick immediately after throwing it would spawn a Jarate instead.</li>
        <li>Fixed a bug where the Brick would sometimes spawn Jarate instead.</li>
        <li>Fixed a bug where a reflected Brick wouldn't grab the attributes from the original weapon, causing "phantom bleeding" with a division by zero error.</li>
        <li>Adjusted the brick launch position so that it matches the crosshair much more closely.</li>
    </ul>
    <li>Buffed the base brick damage from 40 to 65.</li>
    <li>Carved Cutter Changes:</li>
    <ul>
        <li>Decreased jump distance from 512 to 384 hammer units.</li>
        <li>Increased max health penalty from -15 to -25.</li>
        <li>Added 125% decloak time.</li>
        <li>Can now leap with any weapon in hand.</li>
        <li>Using the leap now requires you to be fully cloaked.</li>
    </ul>
    <li>Mini-crits with the Quickdraw will no longer expose disguised or cloaked spies.</li>
    <li>The AFK-kick time has been increased from two minutes to five minutes.</li>
    <li>Updated Steel Refresh to RC5.</li>
    <li>Updated Process Refresh to it's workshop version.</li>
    <li>Readded KoTH Lazarus and removed PL Sludgepit. This is documenting an accidentally undocumented change from our previous mapcycle update.</li>
        <li>Updated extensions on servers to crash significantly less often.</li>
</ul>

<p>You can see most of the in depth changes <a href="https://github.com/CreatorsTF/gameservers/compare/3d51a76548eb...4ec41c4545fe">here</a>.</p>

